Since grandpa is picking up wind swallows
Of course, be serious.
My second brother and I will take my little sister to change her dress first
Be sure to take my precious granddaughter
Dressed up beautifully
Luo Yuan, you poor girl who no one wants
You're bothering my family again?
You dare to make trouble in front of me
No, Luo Yuan has always been scheming
I'm afraid you will be deceived by him.
It's always been you who lied to us, right?
I am your most beloved sister
How could I possibly lie to you?
You must be talking nonsense to your brothers again.
Third brother, you have always loved me the most
How could he be deceived by this vicious woman?
vicious
You are also worthy to use these two words to describe my sister
Words to describe my sister